today we are going to cook one the most
like this that is masala rava dosa it is
very simple for making masala rava dosa
we need to take Camela or all-purpose
flour just take any amount I am taking
this to small bowel and then mix equal
amount of rice flour in the matter
another 2 small bowel of rice flour in
it and we also because he's rava dosa so
we need to mix
Sugie Sugie will also be in the equal
proportion as we have mix the rice flour
and mega and in this add few curry
leaves if you have good fresh curry
leaves there's even better
I had salt to your taste and I am going
to add around 1 tbsp cumin seeds and add
pinch of Fahim do not add too much in
because it's true strong and it might
make those are bitter if it is too much
just mix all these things to dry
together and then we start adding water
thrown at too much water in one cook
just make a dough short on dough
we can also add chopped ginger if you
want you can have it in the paste and
add green chopped finely chopped green
chilies in fact use a chopping board
because sometimes difficult to chop the
green chilli like I am doing and mix all
these things together and add more water
if we need to once we have this kind of
dough just leave it for around 2 hours
and after 2 hours in the dough add more
black pepper to it
I'm going to add in created coconut is
Austin you don't need to add coconut if
you don't want oh I'm just adding little
amount of coconut and just mix these
things together and just to make it more
flavorful I will add little amount of
milk around 50 gram it is also optional
you can make this makes more water and
make a very light though this too will
be very thin because we will spread it
over our tower as you can see is a very
thin dough and now we will start making
our rub our dosa or masala rava dosa for
this heat of a pan and add oil and just
spread the oil over the pan and then
just spread this dough that we have made
all the water Lee solution of all the
innovation
this is spread over the tawa I am just
trying to fill all the gaps in the dosa
you don't need to infect and then you
apply little amount of oil on the edges
it will help in taking this rava dosa
out of from the tawa as you can see that
we can just turn it around and cook from
the other side as well this creative it
because my tomatoes a little thicker
than what we get in the market well
that's what the practice called
they have lots of practice and then we
are going to apply this potato that we
have made in other video just put them
in the middle of the dosa
just turn the dosa around once more
and our rawa masala dosa is ready and we
are going to enjoy
this way the summer that we have made in
other video